# Kaevalor's SuperSlopes Block mapping
# define superslopes-support: true in configuration.txt to enable
enabled:superslopes-support
# variables: set in configuration.txt to override
var:BlockKaevWoodCorners=182,BlockKaevCobblestoneCorners=183,BlockKaevGlassCorners=184,BlockKaevSandstoneCorners=185
var:BlockKaevDirtCorners=186,BlockKaevStoneCorners=187,BlockKaevSandCorners=188,BlockKaevSnowCorners=189
var:BlockKaevGrassCorners=190,BlockKaevBricksCorners=191,BlockKaevGravelCorners=192,BlockKaevGoldCorners=193
var:BlockKaevSteelCorners=194,BlockKaevObsidianCorners=195,BlockKaevDiamondCorners=196,BlockKaevWhiteWoolCorners=0
var:BlockKaevBlackWoolCorners=0,BlockKaevRedWoolCorners=0,BlockKaevGreenWoolCorners=0,BlockKaevBrownWoolCorners=0
var:BlockKaevBlueWoolCorners=0,BlockKaevPurpleWoolCorners=0,BlockKaevCyanWoolCorners=0,BlockKaevSilverWoolCorners=0
var:BlockKaevGrayWoolCorners=0,BlockKaevPinkWoolCorners=0,BlockKaevLimeWoolCorners=0,BlockKaevYellowWoolCorners=0
var:BlockKaevLightBlueWoolCorners=0,BlockKaevMagentaWoolCorners=0,BlockKaevOrangeWoolCorners=0,BlockKaevWoodIntCorners=197
var:BlockKaevCobblestoneIntCorners=198,BlockKaevGlassIntCorners=199,BlockKaevSandstoneIntCorners=200,BlockKaevDirtIntCorners=201
var:BlockKaevStoneIntCorners=202,BlockKaevSandIntCorners=203,BlockKaevSnowIntCorners=204,BlockKaevGrassIntCorners=205
var:BlockKaevBricksIntCorners=206,BlockKaevGravelIntCorners=207,BlockKaevGoldIntCorners=208,BlockKaevSteelIntCorners=209
var:BlockKaevObsidianIntCorners=210,BlockKaevDiamondIntCorners=211,BlockKaevWhiteWoolIntCorners=0,BlockKaevBlackWoolIntCorners=0
var:BlockKaevRedWoolIntCorners=0,BlockKaevGreenWoolIntCorners=0,BlockKaevBrownWoolIntCorners=0,BlockKaevBlueWoolIntCorners=0
var:BlockKaevPurpleWoolIntCorners=0,BlockKaevCyanWoolIntCorners=0,BlockKaevSilverWoolIntCorners=0,BlockKaevGrayWoolIntCorners=0
var:BlockKaevPinkWoolIntCorners=0,BlockKaevLimeWoolIntCorners=0,BlockKaevYellowWoolIntCorners=0,BlockKaevLightBlueWoolIntCorners=0
var:BlockKaevMagentaWoolIntCorners=0,BlockKaevOrangeWoolIntCorners=0,BlockKaevWoodSlopes=167,BlockKaevCobblestoneSlopes=168
var:BlockKaevGlassSlopes=169,BlockKaevSandstoneSlopes=170,BlockKaevDirtSlopes=171,BlockKaevStoneSlopes=172,BlockKaevSandSlopes=173
var:BlockKaevSnowSlopes=174,BlockKaevGrassSlopes=175,BlockKaevBricksSlopes=176,BlockKaevGravelSlopes=177
var:BlockKaevGoldSlopes=178,BlockKaevSteelSlopes=179,BlockKaevObsidianSlopes=180,BlockKaevDiamondSlopes=181
var:BlockKaevWhiteWoolSlopes=215,BlockKaevBlackWoolSlopes=0,BlockKaevRedWoolSlopes=0,BlockKaevGreenWoolSlopes=0
var:BlockKaevBrownWoolSlopes=0,BlockKaevBlueWoolSlopes=0,BlockKaevPurpleWoolSlopes=0,BlockKaevCyanWoolSlopes=0
var:BlockKaevSilverWoolSlopes=0,BlockKaevGrayWoolSlopes=0,BlockKaevPinkWoolSlopes=0,BlockKaevLimeWoolSlopes=0
var:BlockKaevYellowWoolSlopes=0,BlockKaevLightBlueWoolSlopes=0,BlockKaevMagentaWoolSlopes=0,BlockKaevOrangeWoolSlopes=0
# Wood slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevWoodSlopes,id=BlockKaevWoodCorners,id=BlockKaevWoodIntCorners,data=*,allsides=4,topbottom=4004
# Cobblestone slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevCobblestoneSlopes,id=BlockKaevCobblestoneCorners,id=BlockKaevCobblestoneIntCorners,data=*,allsides=16,topbottom=4016
# Glass slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevGlassSlopes,id=BlockKaevGlassCorners,id=BlockKaevGlassIntCorners,data=*,allfaces=12049,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Sandstone slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevSandstoneSlopes,id=BlockKaevSandstoneCorners,id=BlockKaevSandstoneIntCorners,data=*,top=176,bottom=208,allsides=192
# Dirt slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevDirtSlopes,id=BlockKaevDirtCorners,id=BlockKaevDirtIntCorners,data=*,allsides=2,topbottom=4002
# Stone slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevStoneSlopes,id=BlockKaevStoneCorners,id=BlockKaevStoneIntCorners,data=*,allsides=1,topbottom=4001
# Sand slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevSandSlopes,id=BlockKaevSandCorners,id=BlockKaevSandIntCorners,data=*,allsides=18,topbottom=4018
# Snow slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevSnowSlopes,id=BlockKaevSnowCorners,id=BlockKaevSnowIntCorners,data=*,allsides=66,topbottom=4066,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Grass slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevGrassSlopes,id=BlockKaevGrassCorners,id=BlockKaevGrassIntCorners,data=*,allsides=11003,top=1000,bottom=2
# Brick slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevBricksSlopes,id=BlockKaevBricksCorners,id=BlockKaevBricksIntCorners,data=*,allsides=7,topbottom=4007
# Gravel slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevGravelSlopes,id=BlockKaevGravelCorners,id=BlockKaevGravelIntCorners,data=*,allsides=19,topbottom=4019
# Gold slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevGoldSlopes,id=BlockKaevGoldCorners,id=BlockKaevGoldIntCorners,data=*,allsides=23,topbottom=4023
# Steel slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevSteelSlopes,id=BlockKaevSteelCorners,id=BlockKaevSteelIntCorners,data=*,allsides=22,topbottom=4022
# Obsidian slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevObsidianSlopes,id=BlockKaevObsidianCorners,id=BlockKaevObsidianIntCorners,data=*,allsides=37,topbottom=4037
# Diamond slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevDiamondSlopes,id=BlockKaevDiamondCorners,id=BlockKaevDiamondIntCorners,data=*,allsides=24,topbottom=4024
# White wool slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevWhiteWoolSlopes,id=BlockKaevWhiteWoolCorners,id=BlockKaevWhiteWoolIntCorners,data=*,allfaces=64
# Black wool slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevBlackWoolSlopes,id=BlockKaevBlackWoolCorners,id=BlockKaevBlackWoolIntCorners,data=*,allfaces=113
# Red wool slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevRedWoolSlopes,id=BlockKaevRedWoolCorners,id=BlockKaevRedWoolIntCorners,data=*,allfaces=129
# Green wool slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevGreenWoolSlopes,id=BlockKaevGreenWoolCorners,id=BlockKaevGreenWoolIntCorners,data=*,allfaces=145
# Brown wool slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevBrownWoolSlopes,id=BlockKaevBrownWoolCorners,id=BlockKaevBrownWoolIntCorners,data=*,allfaces=161
# Blue wool slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevBlueWoolSlopes,id=BlockKaevBlueWoolCorners,id=BlockKaevBlueWoolIntCorners,data=*,allfaces=177
# Purple wool slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevPurpleWoolSlopes,id=BlockKaevPurpleWoolCorners,id=BlockKaevPurpleWoolIntCorners,data=*,allfaces=193
# Cyan wool slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevCyanWoolSlopes,id=BlockKaevCyanWoolCorners,id=BlockKaevCyanWoolIntCorners,data=*,allfaces=209
# Silver wool slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevSilverWoolSlopes,id=BlockKaevSilverWoolCorners,id=BlockKaevSilverWoolIntCorners,data=*,allfaces=225
# Gray wool slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevGrayWoolSlopes,id=BlockKaevGrayWoolCorners,id=BlockKaevGrayWoolIntCorners,data=*,allfaces=114
# Pink wool slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevPinkWoolSlopes,id=BlockKaevPinkWoolCorners,id=BlockKaevPinkWoolIntCorners,data=*,allfaces=130
# Lime wool slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevLimeWoolSlopes,id=BlockKaevLimeWoolCorners,id=BlockKaevLimeWoolIntCorners,data=*,allfaces=146
# Yellow wool slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevYellowWoolSlopes,id=BlockKaevYellowWoolCorners,id=BlockKaevYellowWoolIntCorners,data=*,allfaces=162
# Light blue wool slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevLightBlueWoolSlopes,id=BlockKaevLightBlueWoolCorners,id=BlockKaevLightBlueWoolIntCorners,data=*,allfaces=178
# Magenta wool slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevMagentaWoolSlopes,id=BlockKaevMagentaWoolCorners,id=BlockKaevMagentaWoolIntCorners,data=*,allfaces=194
# Orange wool slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevOrangeWoolSlopes,id=BlockKaevOrangeWoolCorners,id=BlockKaevOrangeWoolIntCorners,data=*,allfaces=210
